	重要配置信息

此页面提供有关本考试的重要配置详细信息。
桌面

    您没有您所处的桌面系统的 root 访问权限。

    使用桌面阅读说明和文档，打开 Web UI，并通过 SSH 与考试系统进行交互。

密码

    除非另有指定，否则所有用户和服务的密码均为：Ablerate2

    对您创建或配置的任何用户或服务都使用此密码，除非另有指示。

    不要更改任何现有用户或服务密码，除非另有指示。

    OpenShift kubeadmin 虚拟用户的密码位于管理员工作台系统上的文件 /root/kubeadmin-password 中（见下文）。

文档
离线产品文档位于如下位置：http://rhgls.domain2.example.com/docs/

    Firefox 会使用大量内存来呈现大型的 HTML 和 PDF 文档。在某些情况下，您可以下载 PDF 并在本地使用 evince PDF 查看器打开它们，从而获得更好的性能。

    如果您下载 PDF 文件以使用 evince 进行查看，并发现它无法呈现某些页面，则您必须使用 Firefox 浏览器内置的 PDF 查看器查看同一文档，或者参考同一文档的 HTML 版本。

考试系统
在本考试期间，您将操作下列虚拟系统： 
系统角色	系统
管理员工作台	workbench.domain2.example.com
容器注册表	registry.domain2.example.com
负载平衡器	lb.domain2.example.com
OCP 主控机	master0.domain2.example.com
OCP 主控机	master1.domain2.example.com
OCP 主控机	master2.domain2.example.com
OCP 工作程序	worker0.domain2.example.com
OCP 工作程序	worker1.domain2.example.com


这些系统的 IP 地址采用静态设置。不要更改这些设置。

所有系统的网络掩码为 255.255.255.0

您的系统位于 DNS 域 domain2.example.com 中。domain2.example.com DNS 域中的所有系统都位于 172.24.2.0/255.255.255.0 子网中，该子网中的所有系统都位于 domain2.example.com 中。除非另有指定，否则您需要实施的任何网络服务都应可供 domain2.example.com 中的系统访问

主机名解析已配置为解析上面列出的完全限定的主机名，以及解析主机短名称。

    工作台

        您具有对管理员工作台系统的 SSH 访问权限 -- 您可以作为 root 用户或 opsadm 用户登录。

        OpenShift 客户端工具和其他辅助程序（oc、jq、yq、jsonlint）已安装在此系统上，预计您将在此以 opsadm 用户身份执行大部分工作。

        已为 root 和 opsadm 用户预配置了 OpenShift system:admin 帐户的 X.509 证书身份验证。

        如果您需要安装其他软件，则已为您预配置了必要的 yum 存储库。

    OpenShift 集群

        已为您安装并预配置了运行红帽 OpenShift 容器平台 v4.10 的计算机集群。

        按照最佳实践准则，仅当用户工作负载应该在工作节点上运行时，控制平面工作负载才应在主节点上运行。

        API 端点：https://api.domain2.example.com:6443

        Web 控制台：https://console-openshift-console.apps.domain2.example.com

受限考试环境
考试环境受到某些限制。

    与系统的连接

        SSH：您只能通过 SSH 访问管理员工作台系统。

        控制台：您没有任何系统的控制台访问权限。

        其他：除非说明中明确提到，否则所有其他网络协议都将被阻止（包括 ICMP 流量）。

    系统管理

        关机：如果您关闭了任何系统，您将需要寻求监考的帮助才能再次启动它们。请务必注意，如果系统已完全关闭，则可能需要至少 5-15 分钟的时间才能变为可用状态。

        重新启动：任何考试任务都不需要重新启动您的系统。此外，在进行评分之前，您的任何系统都不会重新启动。如果您认为必要，您当然可以自行决定通过 SSH 重新启动管理员工作台。

        锁定：由于具有管理员工作台系统的 root 访问权限，您可以使其完全停止运行。如果您将自己锁定在此系统之外，监考将无法为您提供协助。

    无互联网访问

        除非另有明确说明，否则您不能访问全球互联网上的资源。

        例如，文档通常包含指向外部网站的链接，请明白这些链接无法访问是正常的。

与考试说明互动

    查看考试目录时，您将看到每个项目都有一组与其关联的单选按钮。您可以使用这些按钮来指示已完成的项目或标记要复查的项目。类似地，在查看考试项目的说明页面时，您可能会看到复选框。

    请注意，这些按钮和复选框没有任何用途，只是方便您跟踪自己的进度。

    每个考试项目的说明页面都有一个标记为“请提供对该项目的反馈”的按钮（如下方所示）。

    请注意，以这种方式提交反馈并不意味着认证团队将与您联系。

    如果您发现的问题是监考无法解决的，并且您希望与认证团队谈论您的疑虑，您必须在考试结束后提交问题单。您的考试结果电子邮件将包含有关与认证团队联系的详细信息。 

	Important Configuration Information

This page provides important configuration details about this exam.
Desktop

    You do not have root access to the desktop system at which you are seated.

    Use the desktop to read instructions and documentation, open web-UIs, and interact with the exam systems via SSH.

Passwords

    Unless otherwise specified, the password for all users and services is: Ablerate2

    Use this password for any users or services that you create or configure, unless instructed otherwise.

    Do not change any existing user or service passwords, unless instructed otherwise.

    The password for the OpenShift kubeadmin virtual user is provided in the file /root/kubeadmin-password on the administrator workbench system (see below).

Documentation
Offline product documentation is available here: http://rhgls.domain2.example.com/docs/

    Firefox can use a significant amount of memory to render large HTML and PDF documents. In some cases, you can get better performance by downloading PDFs and opening them locally with the evince PDF viewer.

    If you download PDF files for viewing with evince and find that it fails to render certain pages, you must either view the same document with the Firefox in-browser PDF viewer or refer to the HTML version of the same document.

Exam Systems
You will be working with the following virtual systems for this exam: 
System Role	System
Administrator workbench	workbench.domain2.example.com
Container registry	registry.domain2.example.com
Load balancer	lb.domain2.example.com
OCP master	master0.domain2.example.com
OCP master	master1.domain2.example.com
OCP master	master2.domain2.example.com
OCP worker	worker0.domain2.example.com
OCP worker	worker1.domain2.example.com
 The IP addresses for these systems are set statically. Do not change these settings.

The network mask for all systems is 255.255.255.0

Your systems are in the DNS domain domain2.example.com. All systems in the domain2.example.com DNS domain are in the 172.24.2.0/255.255.255.0 subnet, and all systems in that subnet are in domain2.example.com. Unless otherwise specified, any network services you are asked to implement should be accessible to systems in domain2.example.com

Host name resolution has been configured to resolve both the fully qualified host names listed above as well as the host short names.

    Workbench

        You have SSH access to the administrator workbench system -- you can log in as either the root or opsadm users.

        The OpenShift client tools and other ancillary programs (oc, jq, yq, jsonlint) have been installed on this system with the expectation that you will do most of your work there as the opsadm user.

        X.509 certificate authentication for the OpenShift system:admin account has been preconfigured for both the root and opsadm users.

        If you need to install additional software, the necessary yum repositories have been preconfigured for you.

    OpenShift Cluster

        A cluster of machines running Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform v4.10 has been installed and preconfigured for you.

        Following best practice guidelines, control plane workloads are expected to run on master nodes only while user workloads are expected to run on worker nodes only.

        API endpoint: https://api.domain2.example.com:6443

        Web console: https://console-openshift-console.apps.domain2.example.com

Restricted Exam Environment
The exam environment is subject to certain restrictions.

    Connectivity to Systems

        SSH: You can SSH only to the administrator workbench system.

        Console: You do not have console access to any of the systems.

        Other: Unless explicitly mentioned in the instructions, all other network protocols are blocked (including ICMP traffic).

    Management of Systems

        Shutting down: If you power off any of your systems, you will need to enlist the help of the exam proctor to get them started up again. Be warned that it could take at least 5-15 minutes for a system to become available if it has been completely powered down.

        Rebooting: None of the exam tasks require rebooting your systems. Furthermore, none of your systems will be rebooted prior to grading. Should you deem it necessary, it is of course within your control to reboot the administrator workbench through SSH.

        Locked out: With root access to the administrator workbench system, you have the ability to render it completely non-functional. If you lock yourself out of this system, the exam proctor will not be able to assist you.

    No Internet Access

        You do not have access to resources on the global Internet unless explicitly stated otherwise.

        For example, documentation often contains links to external websites -- understand that it is normal and expected for these links to fail.

Interacting with Exam Instructions

    When viewing the exam table of contents, you will see that each item has a set of radio buttons associated with it. You can use these buttons to indicate item completion or flag to revisit. Similarly, when viewing exam item instruction pages, you might see checkboxes.

    Note that the buttons and checkboxes serve no purpose other than to allow you to track your own progress.

    Each exam item instruction page has a button labeled Provide feedback on this item (as you can see below).

    Please note that submitting feedback in this way does not mean you will be contacted by the Certification Team.

    If you find problems that the exam proctor was unable to resolve and you wish to talk to the Certification Team about your concerns, you must open a ticket after the exam. Your exam results email will include details about contacting the Certification Team. 


